---
layout: default
title: Extracted Fields
parent: Enrichment
grand_parent: Administrator Guide
nav_order: 5
---

# Extracted Fields
{: .no_toc }


Description here...
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---

### Trace Document Fields

As documents flow into a Relativity workspace and through the Trace workflow the status of documents is reflected on a few key fields on the Document object

1. **Trace Checkout** – Fixed-length Text field responsible for checking out each document for the Trace Data Flow

2.  **Trace Document Status** – Single choice field responsible for reflecting overall progress of the document through the Trace Data Flow
    - Standard choices are:
    	- `1 – New`, `2 – Indexed`, and `3 – Term Searched` reflecting the statuses above
    	- `4 – Normalized`, `5 – Ready for Rule Analysis`, and `6 – Alert Rules Complete` reflecting the statuses above, depend on configuration of `Rule Evaluation` task
    - `Indexing Errored` status reflects documents that have not successfully gone through Indexing. 
    - Potential causes
        1. Broken infrastructure (Agents, Service Host issues)
        2. Documents could not be update with `New` status due to SQL outage
      
    - Actions
        1. Check Setup tab for statuses of agents
        2. Check Trace logs (via `Manage Logs` console button)
        3. Perform `Trace Document Retry` mass-operation on affected documents
      
    - `Searching Errored` status reflects documents that have not successfully gone through Term Searching stage.
      - Potential causes
      1. Broken infrastructure (Agents, Service Host issues)
        2. Permanently broken/invalid Term (dtSearch) syntaxes are present
      
      - Actions:
      1. Check Setup tab for statuses of agents
        2. Check Terms tab for detailed errors on each failed term
      3. Check Trace logs (via `Manage Logs` console button)
        4. Perform `Trace Document Retry` mass-operation on affected documents
    
3. **Trace Document Status Updated On** – Date field that holds the UTC time when document's `Trace Document Status` field was last updated.

4. **Trace Terms** – Multi-Object field tracking which Terms have matched a document

5. **Trace Rule Terms** – Multi-Object field tracking Rule specific Terms (terms that match the document that are also associated with Rules that match the document)

6. **Trace Has Errors** – Boolean (yes/no) field indicating if the document has any errors related to ingestion, extraction

7. **Trace Error Details** – Long Text field capturing the error details if a document has encountered any errors

8. **Trace Data Transformations** – Multi-Object field tracking what data transformations have been applied to the document as part of ingestion

9. **Trace Monitored Individuals –** Multi-Object field tracking which Monitored Individuals are associated with each document 

10. **Trace Rules –** Multi-Object field tracking which Rules of type Alert matched a document

11. **Trace Alerted On –** Date field that holds the time when a Document first matched an Alert rule

12. **Trace Workflow Rules –** Multi-Object field tracking which Rules of type Workflow matched a document

13. **Trace Matching Rules (INTERNAL)** - Multi-Object field used by the Rules engine to snapshot documents that match the Saved Search and Term conditions for each rule execution. Please do not edit or use this field for any other purpose as the data within it is cleared and updated frequently.

14. **Trace Record Origin Identifier -** Contains an identifier (varies by Data Source) that can be used to reconcile Trace documents with their origin

15. **Trace Data Batch -** Tracking object that shows when and how the document was brought into the Workspace

16. **Trace Data Batch::Data Source -** System generated field that can be used to show the Data Source that created each document. If desired, edit this field to Allow Pivot and Allow Group By and place a Widget on the Documents dashboard to see how many documents are generated by each Data Source.

17. **Trace Is Extracted** – Boolean (yes/no) field indicating if the document is a Native or was Extracted (in Rule Evaluation it indicates if document is a parent of a family member).

18. **Trace Omit from Alert Rules** – Boolean (yes/no) field indicating if the document is omitted from alert rules.

19. **Trace AI Extracted Text Cleansing Status** - Single choice field which indicates the outcome for AI Extracted Text Cleansing outcome.
    
    - There are 4 possible choices:
      1. `Success - No Extracted Text Cleansed`
         A document has undergone cleansing, but none of the configured non-authored content was identified for removal.
      2. `Success - Extracted Text Cleansed`
         A document has undergone cleansing and non-authored content was identified and removed from extracted text.
      3. `Warning - Document Error`
         Cleansing was attempted but an error occurred at the document level.
      4. `Warning - Service Error`
         Cleansing failed due to an error with analytics service preventing execution.
    
20. **Trace AI Extracted Text Cleansing Error Details** - Long Text field that holds any error details that may have occurred during AI Extracted Text Cleansing. It will be empty if no errors occurred.

21. **Trace Original Extracted Text** - Long Text field which stores the original extracted text content generated during enrichment before any transforms or cleansing occurs.